docs/guide/migration.md, before:

# Migration guide

With the release of **zircle-ui 0.9.0** many internal and external things have changed. As a result **zircle-ui** is now more intuitive and easy to use.

Following this brief migration guide it will be easy for you to adatp your project to the new version of **zircle-ui**.

## Built-in components with changes

### z-canvas

- **Changes:**
	- **`z-canvas` has now a new property named `views`**
	- Use prop `views` to pass all your zircle's views.

- See
	- [**z-canvas**](/api/z-canvas.html)

### z-view-manager
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-view-manager` becomes a child component of `z-canvas`**
	- It is no longer a `public`component, so you don't need to use anymore.

- See
	- [**z-view-manager**](/api/z-view-manager.html)

### z-panel
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-panel` changed its name to `z-view`**

- See
	- [**z-view**](/api/z-view.html)

### z-scale
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-scale` changed its name to `z-spot`**
	- **`z-spot` has three behaviours:**
		- By default is a view controller to zoom-in to another view
		- When property `button` is true `z-spot` becomes a button
		- When property `knob` is true `z-spot` becomes a range knob

- See
	- [**z-spot**](/api/z-spot.html)

### z-button
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-button` was deleted**
	- **Use `z-spot`with property `button`**

```html
<z-spot button></z-spot>
```

- See
	- [**z-spot button**](/api/z-spot.html#z-spot-as-button)

### z-range
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-range` was deleted**
	- **Use `z-spot` with property `knob`**

```html
<z-spot knob></z-spot>
```
- See
	- [**z-spot knob**](/api/z-spot.html#z-spot-as-knob)

### z-list
- **Changes:**
	- **Its child component `z-item` was deleted. Use `z-spot`**

- See
	- [**z-list**](/api/z-list.html)

### z-item
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-item` was deleted**
	- Use `z-spot` 

- See
	- [**z-spot**](/api/z-spot.html)
	- [**z-list**](/api/z-list.html)

### z-alert
- **Changes:**
	- Its name was changed to `z-dialog`

- See
	- [**z-dialog**](/api/z-dialog.html)

## Public API
- **Changes:**
	- The store state is not exposed anymore. Just its `actions`

### $zircleStore
- **Changes:**
	- Its name was changed to `$zircle`

- See
	- [**Public API**](/api/public-api.html)

### config()
- **New**
- **Optional**
- Use to config your **zircle-ui** project

```js
$zircle.config({
	mode: 'full' // or 'mixed'
	style: {
		theme:,
		theme-mode:
	},
	router: router, // vue-router object
	debug: false // or true
})
```

- See
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)

### setRouter() 
- **Changes:**
	- **`setRouter()` was deleted**
	- Use `config()`

- See
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)

### routerHooks() 
- **Changes:**
	- **`routerHooks()` was deleted**
	- Use `config()`

- See
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)	

## CSS styles
Before **zircle-ui 0.9.0** the css styles were embedded into `zircle.js`. At the begining, I thought it was cool, but using it a while I realized that it is difficult to adapt the styles to a particular project. So, in **zircle-ui >= 0.9.0** the css styles are extracted into a separated css file again.

From **zircle-ui 0.9.0** the css prepocessor [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/) is used in development. Now there are two sass files. One, called `styles` with generic styles and other called `themes`. 

Some css classes were renamed to avoid potentials conflicts with others libraries.

- See
	- [**Themes and styles**](/guide/themes-styles-and-colors.html) 
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ adds announce about Zumly

docs/guide/migration.md, after:

# Migration guide

> ## Announce
> I'm currently working on **Zumly**, which is a step forward to create zoomable web apps.
> **Zumly** is an open source project, but will remain private until it reaches a certain degree of maturity.
>
> In the meantime, [you can be one of the first to try **Zumly** by joining our mailing list](https://zumly.org). You will receive betas and guides to play with it!


With the release of **zircle-ui 0.9.0** many internal and external things have changed. As a result **zircle-ui** is now more intuitive and easy to use.

Following this brief migration guide it will be easy for you to adatp your project to the new version of **zircle-ui**.

## Built-in components with changes

### z-canvas

- **Changes:**
	- **`z-canvas` has now a new property named `views`**
	- Use prop `views` to pass all your zircle's views.

- See
	- [**z-canvas**](/api/z-canvas.html)

### z-view-manager
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-view-manager` becomes a child component of `z-canvas`**
	- It is no longer a `public`component, so you don't need to use anymore.

- See
	- [**z-view-manager**](/api/z-view-manager.html)

### z-panel
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-panel` changed its name to `z-view`**

- See
	- [**z-view**](/api/z-view.html)

### z-scale
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-scale` changed its name to `z-spot`**
	- **`z-spot` has three behaviours:**
		- By default is a view controller to zoom-in to another view
		- When property `button` is true `z-spot` becomes a button
		- When property `knob` is true `z-spot` becomes a range knob

- See
	- [**z-spot**](/api/z-spot.html)

### z-button
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-button` was deleted**
	- **Use `z-spot`with property `button`**

```html
<z-spot button></z-spot>
```

- See
	- [**z-spot button**](/api/z-spot.html#z-spot-as-button)

### z-range
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-range` was deleted**
	- **Use `z-spot` with property `knob`**

```html
<z-spot knob></z-spot>
```
- See
	- [**z-spot knob**](/api/z-spot.html#z-spot-as-knob)

### z-list
- **Changes:**
	- **Its child component `z-item` was deleted. Use `z-spot`**

- See
	- [**z-list**](/api/z-list.html)

### z-item
- **Changes:**
	- **`z-item` was deleted**
	- Use `z-spot` 

- See
	- [**z-spot**](/api/z-spot.html)
	- [**z-list**](/api/z-list.html)

### z-alert
- **Changes:**
	- Its name was changed to `z-dialog`

- See
	- [**z-dialog**](/api/z-dialog.html)

## Public API
- **Changes:**
	- The store state is not exposed anymore. Just its `actions`

### $zircleStore
- **Changes:**
	- Its name was changed to `$zircle`

- See
	- [**Public API**](/api/public-api.html)

### config()
- **New**
- **Optional**
- Use to config your **zircle-ui** project

```js
$zircle.config({
	mode: 'full' // or 'mixed'
	style: {
		theme:,
		theme-mode:
	},
	router: router, // vue-router object
	debug: false // or true
})
```

- See
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)

### setRouter() 
- **Changes:**
	- **`setRouter()` was deleted**
	- Use `config()`

- See
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)

### routerHooks() 
- **Changes:**
	- **`routerHooks()` was deleted**
	- Use `config()`

- See
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)	

## CSS styles
Before **zircle-ui 0.9.0** the css styles were embedded into `zircle.js`. At the begining, I thought it was cool, but using it a while I realized that it is difficult to adapt the styles to a particular project. So, in **zircle-ui >= 0.9.0** the css styles are extracted into a separated css file again.

From **zircle-ui 0.9.0** the css prepocessor [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/) is used in development. Now there are two sass files. One, called `styles` with generic styles and other called `themes`. 

Some css classes were renamed to avoid potentials conflicts with others libraries.

- See
	- [**Themes and styles**](/guide/themes-styles-and-colors.html) 
	- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config)
