# Themes and styles

::: tip

**Zumly**, a new zooming UI library, is now public at [https://github.com/zumly/zumly](https://github.com/zumly/zumly)

Give a try!

:::

Since its version **0.9.0**, **zircle-ui** uses the [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/) preprocessor for development. The output is a **zircle.css** file automatically generated by vue-cli 3. You can find it in the **/dist** folder. The sass files are under the  **src/css** folder.

## Built-in themes and styles
### Themes

**zircle-ui** provides some themes under the hood. The themes are divided by colors:

- `.color--white`
- `.color--light-blue`
- `.color--blue`
- `.color--green`
- `.color--orange`
- `.color--yellow`
- `.color--red`
- `.color--purple`
- `.color--black` (default)
- `.color--gray`

Each theme is a CSS class that wraps three CSS variables:

```css
.theme-green {
  --shade-color: #f6fbf6;
  --primary-color: #69bf66;
  --accent-color: #2b6329
}
```

- You can invoke the **zircle-ui** action [**getTheme()**](/api/public-api/html#gettheme) to retrieve the current theme.

#### See
- [**Tutorial - Settings view**](/tutorial/settings-view.html)

### Theme modes
In addtion, **zircle-ui** has four theme modes. This modes allow to modify the selected theme to change the contrast: 

The themes modes are:
- `.mode-light` for light backgrounds.
- `.mode-light-filled` for light backgrounds and filled views.
- `.mode-dark` for dark backgrounds (default).
- `.mode-dark-filled`for dark backgrounds and filled views.

As happens with the themes, each theme mode is a CSS class that four CSS variables

```css 
.mode-light {
  --main-text-and-border-color: var(--primary-color);
  --main-color: var(--shade-color);
  --accent-text-and-border-color: var(--accent-color);
  --background-color: var(--shade-color)
}
```
- You can invoke the **zircle-ui** action [**getThemeMode()**](/api/public-api/html#getthememode) to retrieve the current theme mode.

#### See:
- [**Tutorial - Settings view**](/tutorial/settings-view.html)

### General purpose styles
Finally, **zircle-ui** offers some general purpose styles to use in your project.

The styles are: 
- `.primary`
- `.accent`
- `.success`
- `.warning`
- `.danger`


## Changing up themes and modes
By default the preseted **theme** is *black* and the **theme mode**  *dark*. You can set up your prefered theme and theme mode using the **zircle-ui** action `config()` 

```js
new Vue({
  /* ...  */
  mounted () {
    this.$zircle.config({
      style: {
        theme: 'red',
        mode: 'light-filled'
      }
    })
  }
})
```
#### See:
- [**$zircle.config()**](/api/public-api.html#config-definition)

## Customization

### Customize themes
The easiest way to adapt the themes to your needs is to override the color CSS classes or create a new color themes:


```css
.theme-ferrari {
  --shade-color: red;
  --primary-color: yellow;
  --accent-color: black
}
```
::: tip
You don't need to change the theme modes.
:::

### Customize zircle's built-in components
In you project you can add a custom css class or an inline style attribute using the styles provided. Also, you can define any other.

```html{2,5}
<z-spot
  class="success"
  :angle="-145"
  to-view="status">
    <span style="color: var( --accent-color)">2</span>
</z-spot>
```

#### See:
- [**Tutorial - Home view**](/tutorial/home-view.html)

## SASS files

Currently, **zircle-ui** has two SASS files

- [**themes.sass**](https://github.com/zircleUI/zircleUI/tree/master/src/styles/sass/themes.sass)
- [**styles.sass**](https://github.com/zircleUI/zircleUI/tree/master/src/styles/sass/styles.sass)



