docs/tutorial/README.md, before:

# Introduction

In this tutorial, we are going to create a **simple dashboard for a smart home app**. By the end, you should have a basic understanding of **zircle-ui**. Have in mind that the dashboard is designed just for learning purposes and is not meant to be ready for production.

Some previous knowledge of [**vue.js**](https://vuejs.org) is recommended for this tutorial.

<img :src="$withBase('/smart-home.jpg')" style="margin-top: 20px; display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; width: 100%;" />

If you don't want to follow this tutorial step-by-step, you can see the [app working in the examples section](/examples/home.html) or you can clone the dashboard to follow this tutorial. Open a terminal an type:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zircleUI/tutorial.git
```

After cloning the repository, got to the smart-home folder and execute:

```bash
npm install
```

If you find a bug or find out that something is not clear enough, please file an issue or submit a pull request [on GitHub](https://github.com/zircleUI/tutorial).

## Credits

During this tutorial we are going to use the following awesome libraries:

- [**Font Awesome**](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [**Leaflet**](https://leafletjs.com/)
- [**Smoothie Charts**](http://smoothiecharts.org/)

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ adds announce about Zumly

docs/tutorial/README.md, after:

# Introduction

> ## Announce
> I'm currently working on **Zumly**, which is a step forward to create zoomable web apps.
> **Zumly** is an open source project, but will remain private until it reaches a certain degree of maturity.
>
> In the meantime, [you can be one of the first to try **Zumly** by joining our mailing list](https://zumly.org). You will receive betas and guides to play with it!


In this tutorial, we are going to create a **simple dashboard for a smart home app**. By the end, you should have a basic understanding of **zircle-ui**. Have in mind that the dashboard is designed just for learning purposes and is not meant to be ready for production.

Some previous knowledge of [**vue.js**](https://vuejs.org) is recommended for this tutorial.

<img :src="$withBase('/smart-home.jpg')" style="margin-top: 20px; display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; width: 100%;" />

If you don't want to follow this tutorial step-by-step, you can see the [app working in the examples section](/examples/home.html) or you can clone the dashboard to follow this tutorial. Open a terminal an type:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zircleUI/tutorial.git
```

After cloning the repository, got to the smart-home folder and execute:

```bash
npm install
```

If you find a bug or find out that something is not clear enough, please file an issue or submit a pull request [on GitHub](https://github.com/zircleUI/tutorial).

## Credits

During this tutorial we are going to use the following awesome libraries:

- [**Font Awesome**](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [**Leaflet**](https://leafletjs.com/)
- [**Smoothie Charts**](http://smoothiecharts.org/)
